$Id$

Author: Maciej Pietrzak

Before we start real coding some things should be designed, or at
least briefly discussed.

Here are some of my thoughts:

1) Generally, statistics are abstract, each statistic needs a
writer. To generate HTML we need HTML writer, to create LaTeX or
something else, another writer is required. Statistic
contains data, that is ready to be written out, but no presentation
information.

2) For now we have one-statistic -- one-class relation. I think
this is bad, and should be changed before it's too late. One
statistic class should obviously be a source of many statistic
objects. For example, we could create tables for only part of
the revisions, or monthly, weekly and daily graphs with one
type of object created with different parameters.

3) There should be dynamic list of command line options:
--enable-STATISTIC or --disable-STATISTIC. To achieve this,
objects should be created before we know which statistic is
needed. This in turn requires that object can be created without
doing any real calculations.

4) Every instance of the statistic class should have an id, that
can be used in --enable options or in HTML link.

5) Statistics will have requirements. If statistic is wanted, but
the environment lacks (for example) required library, statistic
code will issue a warning.

6) Statistic constructor should take at least statistic
identifier and revision data. No calculations are performed while
constructing object. Object can then be tested whether it is
wanted or not. If object is wanted, calculations are performed.

7) When all statistics are generated, output documents can be
producted. Multiple output formats should be allowed in one
program pass.

8) There should be data-retriever classes. Data is now obtained
by calling svn, and it will stay like that for a while. However,
there are two important uses for data-retriever objects:
 a) generating statistics from XML file (obtained earlier with
 svn log --xml);
 b) caching;


Enough for now.

Any comments?


